---
title: Expanding my scope?
date: 2025-07-07
draft: false
tags:
---
**Current Review**

1. ByteReview (might change the name). Week's plan (refer back to original plan as well):
	1. Refactoring
	2. Multi-PDF, folders, integrations
	3. More control over templates
	4. Stripe connection
	5. Deployment
2. College applications
	1. Stanford
		1. CA: Opens Aug 1
		2. REA: Nov 1, RD: Jan 5
		3. Decision: REA: Mid Dec, RD: Early Apr
	2. Caltech
		1. CA: Opens Aug 1
		2. REA: Nov 1, RD: Jan 3
		3. Decision: REA: Mid Dec, RD: Mid Mar
	3. UC
		1. App: Opens Aug 1
		2. Deadline: Jan 15
		3. Decision: Mar 1-31
	4. USC
		1. CA: Opens Aug 1
		2. EA (Non-B): Nov 1, RD: Jan 10
		3. Decision: EA: Mid-Late Jan, RD: Apr 1
	5. Cal Poly SLO
		1. App: Opens Oct 1
		2. Deadline: Dec 2
		3. Decision: Apr 1
3. CB's web scraping for legal AI project
	1. Do research on current best web scraping tools
	2. Reach back out, ask about progress and what is needed
4. J's Shopify add-on price monitoring idea
	1. Do research on existing tools and how to build something better
	2. Ask for websites of interest
5. Creating a class for kids
	1. Try to find past TCS, Insp AI, Andrew Ng materials
	2. Look at Kaggle and library docs to get situated with current landscape again
6. Project Pull
	1. Threw it out the window.
7. Volunteering
	1. Check Mission Bit again.
8. Driving
	1. See if worth starting now or not.

**Purposes**

1. ByteReview
	1. If we get it deployed and get users, helping them with their job: Demonstrates commitment and entrepreneurship.
	2. If we include some technical aspect that stands out: Demonstrates technical skill and innovation.
	3. If we donate profits: Yay, we're helping the non-business people too.
2. Web Scraping
	1. Gathering data for training is a useful skill.
	2. Assists an active researcher.
	3. Connection with CB would offer closer mentorship than Insp AI.
3. Shopify
	1. Helps a family member with something that matters to him.
	2. Can be made open-source and put on GitHub.
	3. If there is a subscription, closed-source but helps us.
4. Class for Kids
	1. Teaching is a great way to reinforce learning.
	2. Demonstrates leadership and organizational skills.
5. Volunteering
	1. Engagement with the community.

**Time Management**

1. Mornings
	1. ByteReview Development (Every Day)
2. Afternoons
	1. College App Preparation
	2. Class for Kids, Volunteering, Other Day Activities (Find a Focus)
3. Evenings
	1. Web Scraping, Shopify, Other Side Projects (Set Days to Work on Each)
